Update geomap image and Visual Options (#31012)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/widgets/geomap.md

  {{% /tab %}}
  {{< /tabs >}}

> 3. (Optional) Under **Visual Options**, set the widget default view box. You can choose a custom view, or search for a country, subdivision (province, state) or city to define as the default view. A **Custom** view box can be any region, not specific to a state.

Reviewer: @estherk15 I think I misspoke in the Jira ticket - it should be country or subdivision only, we don't allow for Cities yet to be defined as the default view.

> 3. (Optional) Under **Visual Options**, set the widget default view box. You can choose a custom view, or search for a country, subdivision (province, state) or city to define as the default view. A **Custom** view box can be any region, not specific to a state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. (Optional) Under **Visual Options**, use the **Set widget default view** dropdown to select where to initially focus the map. Select **Custom** to define a custom region, or search for the name of a country, state, province, or city.
```

I did some wordsmithing here:
- I think "set the widget default view box" is a little too much cognitive effort for the reader to realize that what's being configured here is "where to initially focus the map"
- It's also a bit bumpy to introduce the concept of custom views, list off some non-custom views, and then go back to define what a custom view is.
